Add brief rationale for recommendation of importers. (#52)
tlswg/external-psk-design-team: draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-guidance.md

handshake, and (2) incorporating identifiers for both the client and the
server into the context string for an EPSK importer.

3. Nodes using TLS 1.3 SHOULD use external PSK importers {{!I-D.ietf-tls-external-psk-importer}}

> when configuring PSKs for a client-server pair. Importers make provisioning
> external PSKs easier and less error prone by generating a PSK for each hash function a
> node supports, as required in TLS 1.3 in order to satisfy certain security assumptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when configuring PSKs for a client-server pair. Importers make provisioning
external PSKs easier and less error prone by deriving a unique, imported PSK from the 
external PSK for each key derivation function a node supports. See the Security Considerations
in {{!I-D.ietf-tls-external-psk-importer}} for more information.
```
